## Getting the GPS data

Install the lastest Rasbian OS in a memory card. For details visit www.raspberrypi.org/documentation/installation/installing-images/.

Make sure you edit the ...... to match the wifi network you'll be working from and note down the username and password for the device.

Insert the memory card into raspberry pi and power it up. 

Now here we need to modify few things. At first we need to edit the /boot/config.txt file. 

Now you need to open this file in any text editor. Here I am using nano:
sudo nano /boot/config.txt

At the end of the file add the follwing lines:

`````
dtparam=spi=on
dtoverlay=pi3-disable-bt
core_freq=250
enable_uart=1
force_turbo=1
`````

It will look something like this:

PICTURE TO ADD

Now save this by typing ctrl +x, then type y and press enter.


Raspbian uses the UART as a serial console and so we need to turn off that functionality. To do so we need to change the /boot/cmdline.txt file. 

For safety before editing the file make a backup of that using the following command:

`
sudo cp /boot/cmdline.txt /boot/cmdline_backup.txt
`

Replace the content with the follwing line (delete everything in it and write down the following content):

`
dwc_otg.lpm_enable=0 console=tty1 root=/dev/mmcblk0p2 rootfstype=ext4 elevator=deadline fsck.repair=yes rootwait quiet splash plymouth.ignore-serial-consoles
`
Now save this by typing ctrl +x, then type y and press enter.

Now reboot pi using:

`
sudo reboot
`

After the reboot now its time to check how our GPS module is working.
